docs: form and display pill group (#1879)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/display-pill-group/index.mdx

        node {
          data {
            Documentation
            Figma
            Design_committee_review
            Engineer_committee_review
            Code
            status
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name={props.pageContext.frontmatter.title}
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/components/display-pill-group"
  storybookUrl="/?path=/story/components-display-pill-group--basic"
  data={props.data.allPasteComponent.edges}
  packageStatus={props.data.allAirtable.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

<LivePreview scope={{DisplayPill, DisplayPillGroup, CalendarIcon}}>
  {`<DisplayPillGroup aria-label="Your favorite sports:">
  <DisplayPill href="https://google.com">
    <CalendarIcon decorative size="sizeIcon10" />
    Tennis
  </DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill>Football</DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill href="/">Baseball</DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill>Basketball</DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill>Soccer</DisplayPill>
</DisplayPillGroup>`}
</LivePreview>

## Guidelines

### About Display Pill Group

<Paragraph>

>   {props.pageContext.frontmatter.description} Display Pills are static and should be used in situations where data is

Reviewer: We don't really give an explanation of what a Pill is used for, it's more about Display vs. Form. I think we should add in a Pill vs. Badge section/video to all 3 pages (not blocking just thinking).

  not being modified.
</Paragraph>

> Display Pills can link to other pages. This can useful when the entity the pill represents has it's own detail page within the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Display Pills can link to other pages. This can useful when the entity the pill represents has its own detail page within the application.
```

> Display Pills can link to other pages. This can useful when the entity the pill represents has it's own detail page within the application. For example, when building a user profile page a user might be assigned a number of permission based roles. Each role might have a details page explaining what it can do. You can use a collection of display pills, which link to each assigned role, to visually represent the current users assigned permissions, and learn more about what that enables them to do within the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Display Pills can link to other pages. This can useful when the entity the pill represents has its own detail page within the application. For example, when building a user profile page, a user might be assigned a number of permission-based roles. You can use a group of Display Pills to visually represent the assigned roles and to link to a detail page for each assigned role learn more about what that enables them to do within the application.
```

This still took me a couple read throughs to understand what use case this example was describing. I'm not even exactly sure this is right because it seems like this is more of a Badge use case, where the roles are describing the user, rather than the pill being its own entity.

Regardless, it might help to have the coded example above reflect whatever use case is described here (if you keep it at all).

Author: Removed

#### Accessibility

> It can be beneficial to provide a list of data entities a label that explains what the collection represents. It is a requirement of Display Pill group that a non-visual label be set on the the Pill Group using `aria-label`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A list of data entities benefits from a label that explains what the collection represents. The Display Pill Group requires that a non-visual label be set on it using `aria-label`.
```

> #### Display Pill vs Form Pill
> 
> There are some very important semantic differences between a Display Pill and Form Pill group. Below is a table explaining the main differences to get a better understanding of when to use each type of Pill.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Display Pill vs. Form Pill

There are some very important semantic differences between a Display Pill and Form Pill Group. Below is a table explaining the main differences to get a better understanding of when to use each type of pill.
```

> <FormPillVsDisplayPillTable />

Reviewer 2: "Display pill" --> "Display Pill" in this column header

## Examples

### Basic Display Pill Group

> Display Pills are very basic in their functionality. They can be linked, or unlinked by passing an `href` prop to the Display Pill. A Display Pill Group can have a mixture of linked and unlinked Pills.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Display Pills can be linked, or unlinked by passing an `href` prop to the Display Pill. A Display Pill Group can have a mixture of linked and unlinked Pills.
```

When provided with an `href` the `DisplayPill` will render itself as an HTML Anchor element, and will respond to any anchor based events and accept any event handlers.

<LivePreview scope={{DisplayPill, DisplayPillGroup, CalendarIcon}}>
  {`<DisplayPillGroup aria-label="Your favorite sports:">
  <DisplayPill
    onFocus={() => {
      console.log('Focused Tennis!');
    }}
    onBlur={() => {
      console.log('Blurred Tennis!');
    }}
    href="https://google.com"
  >
    <CalendarIcon decorative size="sizeIcon10" />
    Tennis
  </DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill>Football</DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill href="/">Baseball</DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill>Basketball</DisplayPill>
  <DisplayPill>Soccer</DisplayPill>
</DisplayPillGroup>`}
</LivePreview>

## Composition Notes

`DisplayPillGroup` takes `DisplayPill`s as children. You should not place any other type of child component directly inside of a `DisplayPillGroup`.

### When to use a Display Pill Group

<DoDont>

>   <Do title="Do" body="Use Display Pills in non-editable pages to represent a collection of similar entities" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Do title="Do" body="Use Display Pills in non-editable pages to represent a collection of similar entities." />
```

  <Dont title="Don't" body="Don’t use Display Pills inside of a form or when editing that collection of data." />
</DoDont>

<DoDont>

>   <Do title="Do" body="Only pass DisplayPill as a direct descendent of a DisplayPillGroup" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Do title="Do" body="Only pass DisplayPill as a direct descendent of a DisplayPillGroup." />
```

  <Dont
    title="Don't"

>     body="Don’t pass DisplayPillGroup any other component type, and do not wrap Display Pills in any other component of DOM element"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    body="Don’t pass DisplayPillGroup any other component type, and do not wrap DisplayPill in any other component of DOM element"
```

  />
</DoDont>

---

## Usage Guide

### API

#### Installation

```bash
yarn add @twilio-paste/display-pill-group - or - yarn add @twilio-paste/core
```

#### Usage

```jsx
import {DisplayPillGroup, DisplayPill} from '@twilio-paste/display-pill-group';

export const Basic = () => {
  return (
    <DisplayPillGroup aria-label="Your favorite sports:">
      <DisplayPill
        onFocus={() => {
          console.log('Focused Tennis!');
        }}
        onBlur={() => {
          console.log('Blurred Tennis!');
        }}
        href="https://google.com"
      >
        <CalendarIcon decorative size="sizeIcon10" />
        Tennis
      </DisplayPill>
      <DisplayPill>Football</DisplayPill>
      <DisplayPill href="/">Baseball</DisplayPill>
      <DisplayPill>Basketball</DisplayPill>
      <DisplayPill>Soccer</DisplayPill>
    </DisplayPillGroup>
  );
};
```

#### Props

##### DisplayPillGroup

> `DisplayPillGroup` will take any Global HTML Attribute for an HTML List element, plus the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`DisplayPillGroup` will take any global HTML attribute for an HTML List element, plus the following:
```

> ###### `aria-label`: `string`

Reviewer 3: Should we point out which of these props is required, or which are not?

Author: Yeah, I'm using the `?` notation like we do else where but I'm doing weird things by seperating the type from the prop name. I don't really know why I did that.

Generally I'm trying to pull required to the top of the list and notate optional with the `?`, but I think I messed it.

Defines a string value that labels the current element.

###### `element?: string`

> Set a custom element name.

Reviewer: You included the default for form pill group but not here (and the description is missing there)

Author: Good consistency catch

---

##### DisplayPill

> `DisplayPill` will take any Global HTML Attribute for an HTML Anchor element, plus the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`DisplayPill` will take any global HTML attribute for an HTML Anchor element, plus the following:
```
